Andres Chavez: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Howdy.
Andres Chavez: How are you doing,
I'm okay.
Dawn Abriel: You haven't been in the program before, have you
Dawn Abriel: Know, okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm such a lazy reader, we have a man with the name. It's almost like your first name and and you're saying last name.
Andres Chavez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And I thought, oh, he's come, he got out of jail. He's coming back to us.
Dawn Abriel: Like him.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle and do you pronounce it on today's
Dawn Abriel: Yes, or Andres. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I had been trained I have enough Mexico, people who, correct me to start to get it right.
Dawn Abriel: Because
Andres Chavez: I was gonna ask a kid, my mother be in this meeting with us.
Dawn Abriel: Why
Andres Chavez: Uh, I don't know. She just wanted to be part of it. But it's okay if not
Dawn Abriel: I would prefer she weren't
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And, um,
Dawn Abriel: It's a and when you're doing this kind of work, especially doing in the group.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, it's absolutely uninstall unacceptable if anyone else is in the room with you.
Andres Chavez: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Because if someone should accidentally look on your screen.
Dawn Abriel: And recognize someone who's in the group that would just be horrible. Right.
Andres Chavez: Oh, yes, yes.
Dawn Abriel: I noticing you and saying, Oh, I'm the bases in a treatment group.
Andres Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. So yeah, there can't be anyone around
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Um, so we, first of all I have to
Dawn Abriel: Tell the I've got a group of 11 so I've really gotta hurry through this
Dawn Abriel: And I'm sorry for that. Usually I like to, you know, do a little visiting but
Dawn Abriel: So I have to tell the therapist that I can't open the group.
Dawn Abriel: Usually I do it by now.
Dawn Abriel: I can open a zoom room for 11am group.
Dawn Abriel: I have an intake.
Dawn Abriel: Right, so let's rock and roll. Get into the right place.
Dawn Abriel: And get you started.
Dawn Abriel: Usually I have this all set up, but I had a tutorial that I had to cut short because they said you were waiting for me.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you been in treatment before
No.
Dawn Abriel: First time
Dawn Abriel: Well, with any luck. Oops.
Dawn Abriel: Wrong one
Dawn Abriel: You have a
Dawn Abriel: rockin and rollin now.
Dawn Abriel: And you're living in Albuquerque.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And I need to know the last time you had any opioid
Last night.
Dawn Abriel: What time
Andres Chavez: Around
Andres Chavez: Like 11:11pm okay
Dawn Abriel: And what was it,
It was
Dawn Abriel: About how much do you know
Andres Chavez: Oh yeah, just one package. I think they called 30 pills like the 30
Dawn Abriel: And about how much have you been doing doing per day.
Andres Chavez: Maybe like two weeks ago, I was like at like 10 a day but I stopped. I started doing like one or two a day.
Andres Chavez: And I tried to quit the last couple days and I just have super bad withdraws moment.
Andres Chavez: Yeah, super. Yeah. No, you can't.
Dawn Abriel: You can't just stop taking fit now.
Andres Chavez: My body hurts my leg.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: So you're in some withdrawal now.
Andres Chavez: Yes, yes, my legs are starting to feel like super uncomfortable, but they're not bad idea.
Dawn Abriel: What else, what other symptoms. Do you have
Andres Chavez: A ti my legs. I just have super, super restless, I get hot, and I get cold. I cannot get comfortable for the life of me.
Andres Chavez: I get really antsy like I just have to like move. I don't know my body. It just really feels weird. I've never experienced something like this before. So to really agree feeling
Dawn Abriel: And so good fentanyl is a really difficult drug to get people onto buprenorphine because
Dawn Abriel: You know how some like oil and water don't mix.
Dawn Abriel: Yes that's that's referred to, whether it's soluble in it sent in your, your brain is mostly fat. It's it and fentanyl absorbs into the fat.
Dawn Abriel: And even though it's short acting. A lot of it is still up there in your the fat tissue of your brain and with every heartbeat, a little more comes out.
Dawn Abriel: Doesn't necessarily get your high, but it makes getting you started on buprenorphine really hard because
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to, I'm going to tell you to take a tight these just the first day, I'm going to tell you to take small amounts
Dawn Abriel: Because if you jam into withdrawal even harder than you know you've got to wait.
Dawn Abriel: Another couple of hours before you can take a little more you take some Suboxone the buprenorphine and you feel a little better.
Dawn Abriel: That's groovy. That's what you want. You want to feel a little better. And then you'll take more of the buprenorphine until you don't have any more withdrawal symptoms.
Dawn Abriel: But you know that the fentanyl isn't out of your system. Yet, if you get worse by taking the buprenorphine. That makes sense.
Dawn Abriel: Well, good.
Dawn Abriel: So we're going to have to, we're going to have to stay in touch over the weekend and check in every day, just because
Dawn Abriel: It's trickier to get you on board.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, morphine. I want you to comfortable as soon as possible.
Dawn Abriel: Here's what we're going to have to play with it to make that happen.
Andres Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But by Monday, you're going to be taking well your what we're aiming for is once a day dosing first thing in the morning you'll take your films under your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: And then it lasts for 24 at least 24 hours. Okay, so that's what we're going to work for
Dawn Abriel: So how old were you when you first started taking any illicit drugs.
Andres Chavez: A any era. Yeah, I was pretty young, like maybe I think my mom said she caught me smoking weed and I was like 13 okay oh
Andres Chavez: I had like progress to like Xanax and then I had stopped doing that and it was the hardest time doing that and maybe about three weeks ago I started doing that now and and this is probably been the craziest experience I've ever had.
Andres Chavez: I I'm really scared of the drug, honestly.
Dawn Abriel: You should be
Dawn Abriel: Terrified people
Die.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And it's a scary, scary, scary drug
Andres Chavez: Scary really scary. I'm scared of it.
Dawn Abriel: Are you ever using IV drugs.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And were you having to take more and more of the nail to get the same. Hi.
Yes.
Andres Chavez: I think I'm at the point where like doesn't get me. I had just kind of makes the pain go away. And I think that's the scary part two.
Dawn Abriel: And is it, resulting in problems with relationships and work.
Andres Chavez: So my work is on quarantine. Right now I am supposed to go back on the fourth. I don't think I'm gonna make it so I just told him I'm not gonna be able to be there for that job. Specifically, and I just really want to focus on getting better, before I try going back to work.
Andres Chavez: Because the way I'm thinking right now. I don't think that physically be able to do it.
Dawn Abriel: And are sleeping anxiety issues for you.
Andres Chavez: Yes, I CANNOT SLEEP AND A HALF super bad anxiety.
Andres Chavez: That's the worst part because I started doing this drug to help me sleep now. I can't sleep. So I think that's like the scariest part
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, people say that what they don't realize is that
Dawn Abriel: Opioids mess with both of those they mess with your sleep center in your brain and they cause anxiety.
Andres Chavez: Yes, definitely. So you should take it away. Like I that's why I did it because, like, I'd be so carefree I just go to sleep now. I'm just have super bad things. I can't sleep. My body hurts. My legs hurt. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for a mental health issue.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And what what your self esteem right now.
Dawn Abriel: From one to 10 return is the most
Andres Chavez: I'd say that for
Dawn Abriel: And your stress level.
Andres Chavez: 10
Dawn Abriel: Whoa, and that's mostly drug related or
Dawn Abriel: Not make educational, social relationships.
Andres Chavez: I just have to get back to work and a to make me nervous. Honestly, I really have to get back to work. I have to kick this truck. I didn't realize what I was doing to myself like it happened so fast.
Yep.
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type is
Andres Chavez: I don't know off the bat.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm going to read a big long list of medical problems just stop me if any of them apply to you just want me head trauma any I ear, nose and throat know lung diseases, no muscle boy bone or joint problems.
Dawn Abriel: Arthritis or gout know thyroid problems, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases, and you've never tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: No skin problems with new rashes, or new malls.
Dawn Abriel: Epilepsy seizures severe headaches stroke bipolar depression hallucinations. You don't see or hear things that other people don't know suicidal attempts and no current suicide thoughts.
Dawn Abriel: No gut Liver. Gallbladder problems, you don't have hepatitis or ulcers, you don't have any problems with your kidneys with your bladder or your penis.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have allergies or hearing aids or dentures. You weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots.
Dawn Abriel: Nothing.
Andres Chavez: Nothing, no, no.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: If you think of something that we've forgotten, let me know.
Dawn Abriel: Because we can always go back
Dawn Abriel: Oh man, I wish this my
Dawn Abriel: surgeries. Had you had any surgeries.
Dawn Abriel: So you have your tonsils and your gallbladder and your appendix.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And obviously your mother is alive. Is she in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. Is your father alive.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: How old was he when he died.
Andres Chavez: He was 20 and I was still my mom stomach.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I hope not. In her stomach. But at least her uterus.
Andres Chavez: No, yeah, goodness.
Dawn Abriel: Did you have addiction problems.
Andres Chavez: No.
Andres Chavez: Job.
Dawn Abriel: Something's happening to my program here where I have to make the whole screen really large
Dawn Abriel: Just to get to know what's going on.
Dawn Abriel: Usually I can scroll. There it is weird.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about tobacco in your life.
Andres Chavez: Or cigarettes.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you started
Andres Chavez: About 14
Dawn Abriel: And how much do you smoke now.
Andres Chavez: About a pack every like two or three days.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and alcohol.
And then
Dawn Abriel: You don't never not even for New Year's.
Andres Chavez: occasion of the equity occasions, a drink, but I mean I don't drink regularly.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have more than three or four fast foods in a week.
Andres Chavez: Yeah, definitely.
Dawn Abriel: You get regular exercise.
Andres Chavez: No, I haven't been
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And do you keep any guns in the home.
Andres Chavez: Yes, there's one.
Dawn Abriel: Is the ammunition and the gun kept in separate locked places.
Andres Chavez: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And do you wear your seat belts.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active right now.
Andres Chavez: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Do you practice safe sex.
Andres Chavez: Just from
Dawn Abriel: Know accidental pregnancies.
Dawn Abriel: No good. And you're born male and you identify as being male
Dawn Abriel: Just now. How old were you when you started using benzodiazepines.
Andres Chavez: I'd say like around 1718
Andres Chavez: That's when I started
Dawn Abriel: The last time.
Andres Chavez: Probably like 18 like the end of 18 I had got a
Andres Chavez: Intervention and I just thought cold turkey. How to Have no withdraws like this.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born and raised, we're
Andres Chavez: Born and raised and as possible but I moved here to Albuquerque. When I was like five. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have children.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
Andres Chavez: I made it to sophomore year. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me about your work history, what kind of work do you do
Andres Chavez: I'm a roofer I'm currently a roofer I work with the Union.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me about methamphetamine first time and last time.
Andres Chavez: Uh,
Andres Chavez: Maybe when I was 819 was the first time in 21 knows the last time.
Dawn Abriel: Right and cocaine.
Andres Chavez: Maybe like 20 as well. And last time 20
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And are you still smoking marijuana
Dawn Abriel: Or user one
Andres Chavez: Sometimes I haven't
Andres Chavez: Been doing fentanyl
Andres Chavez: But before I did for now. I was a regular marijuana smoker. Yeah, but this truck. I just took over everything.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. And what do you like to do for fun.
Andres Chavez: I like to go to like bars and go
Andres Chavez: Take with myself or my coworkers will go to like a bars like sports bars watch like the game I'm
Andres Chavez: Like working out.
Andres Chavez: But a day via just been doing for now. Yep.
Dawn Abriel: It takes over, doesn't it.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever used creating
Know,
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any legal issues right now.
Andres Chavez: No.
Dawn Abriel: on probation. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And with whom do you live.
Andres Chavez: By myself I own a house here, brother, stay with me.
Andres Chavez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah, let's refer. Okay, save that.
Dawn Abriel: So now I'm going to read another really long list of things that could be going on but don't list withdrawal. So I'm gonna say patient is currently
Dawn Abriel: In moderate withdraw.
Andres Chavez: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I can hear all the noise in the background.
Andres Chavez: Yeah.
Yes.
Andres Chavez: Sorry, my other brothers in the kitchen.
Dawn Abriel: So I wrote down the withdrawal symptoms. So these are separate no fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot
Dawn Abriel: Red eyes devil vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage and ringing in your ears bloody nose.
Dawn Abriel: Chronic congestion sore lips or mouse or tongue lumps in your neck stiffness or neck pain.
Dawn Abriel: Difficulty breathing shortness of breath or a new cough chest pain, irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe lying down swelling in your legs varicose veins diarrhea. Do you have constipation from the opioids.
Andres Chavez: Concentrate. I haven't been able to like he's rushing right
Andres Chavez: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Through comedy Rector pain, abdominal pain.
Dawn Abriel: painful urination peeing blood not paying enough pain too much change in hair nail skin texture itching new moles
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points and muscle cramps limp.
lightheadedness,
Dawn Abriel: And that's not from withdrawal.
Andres Chavez: Oh, I'm sorry. No, no.
Dawn Abriel: Thankfully, numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination sadness, depression, and we will put anxiety here and and
Dawn Abriel: The Sleep is from the withdrawal know suicidal thoughts hopelessness and no easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: And are you're not on any prescription medicines.
Dawn Abriel: And are you allergic to anything.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you
Dawn Abriel: feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself to go from one place to another and you bathe yourself.
Dawn Abriel: And you know who you are, what time of day ideas, you know, you make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your edge you can do
Dawn Abriel: This and you can read
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do I want to, I want you to get your pulse and I'll show you how to do that.
Dawn Abriel: You have a muscle that goes from here down to your neck. So if you take your right hand and you feel the left side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Right in front of that muscle.
Dawn Abriel: And you can't push too hard, do you block it off.
Dawn Abriel: Do you feel the thump, thump, thump of the carotid artery. Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting. Hold on. Don't start yet.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And how tall are you,
Dawn Abriel: About 567 wait
Dawn Abriel: Now we're gonna do a little physical exam. I want you to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see
Dawn Abriel: Great. Relax, let go make your eyes go all the way to the right, all the way to the left.
Dawn Abriel: And all the way up all the way down.
Dawn Abriel: Look straight ahead.
Dawn Abriel: Read that have you decided you knows
Dawn Abriel: Good. Open your mouth really wide and stick your tongue out at me and move it side to side. Great. Okay. And close your mouth bite down your job fits normal no pain good your teeth bit normally. Let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Good and your to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Chin to shoulder facades good head back head forward.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Um, let me see you. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And now I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left no lumps or bumps or pain when you poke around in your belly.
Dawn Abriel: No good.
Dawn Abriel: And I want to move the camera down and let me see your ankles.
Andres Chavez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I want to see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. All right, then prop the camera up. I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: No pain or discomfort when you do that, and then tap against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Alright, so let's talk about
Dawn Abriel: The program.
Dawn Abriel: And you know that what you're committing to is, oh, I forgot to ask how many tattoos, you have
None
Dawn Abriel: No, that's not possible.
No, I swear.
Andres Chavez: Yeah, my
Dawn Abriel: Goodness.
Dawn Abriel: Well, you are very unusual.
Andres Chavez: Yeah, my grandma would have a heart attack.
Dawn Abriel: waiting for her to die.
Like
Dawn Abriel: It's terrible. I'm
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm tell me what your work hours, you're like,
Andres Chavez: A to Z, like, seven days a week.
Andres Chavez: 723
Dawn Abriel: Or 423. Okay. Wow. Let's see.
Dawn Abriel: Do you take a lunch break.
Andres Chavez: Yes, and a 115 to 30 minute break.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so a group last an hour.
Dawn Abriel: You have to have really good Wi Fi, just like this. You have to be on. For a whole hour, you can't be going in and out. It's got to be the video and the audio.
Dawn Abriel: It has to be good lighting like this. Again, there can't be anyone walking around. So you've got to have the private space before the group.
Dawn Abriel: You have to fill out a survey called the BAM brief addiction monitor the band can be filled out an hour before the day before. Just don't wait to the last minute. Because to get into group, you have to go to the virtual clinic, like you did to come see me.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and they will give you the group room number because it changes every week. So you have to go to the virtual clinic, which is where you go and you have any problem just
Dawn Abriel: Okay, this guy was pretty easy. He's going to be Monday at 6pm I'm going to meet him daily over the weekend because he's on fentanyl and it's difficult to
Dawn Abriel: induct on fentanyl
Dawn Abriel: Opioid Use nicotine and marijuana dependence.
Dawn Abriel: I don't think they're even in many bubbles to fill in. Thank you.